# Assignments and Labs for CS121
This repository contains lab and programming assignments for my introductory programming course in C, a class I took as a freshman in Fall 2023 and also worked as a TA on for three semesters. This course is designed for absolute beginners to programming and covers basic C syntax and data types, functions and functional decomposition and the function call stack, basic file IO processing in C using library functions, selection structures and conditional logic, loops and iterative logic, pointers and modular programming, arrays including searching and sorting, strings and basic string processing, structures and objects in C, recursion, bit operations, and an introduction to dynamic data structures and linked list operations.

## Labs
Lab solutions viewable on the branch "Labs" were generated by me after taking this course when I worked as a TA, and are provided to students as examples for how to solve the lab problems, typically on Friday evening after all lab sessions have met for the week. Lab solutions are written to be understood by students at the level of skill consistent with the assignment, so frequently are not optimal. As the course advances, the quality of the code improves accordingly. This is by design as an educational asset.

## Programming Assignments
Programming Assignments viewable on the branch "Programming-Assignments" are projects completed by me when I was a student in this course in Fall 2023. I entered this course as an absolute beginner with no prior programming experience and are an accurate level of my skill progression from that level to the end of the first semester learning in C.

Programming Assignments on the branch "Programming-Assignment-Demos" are projects completed by me while working as a TA for this course. I sometimes will complete an assignment and give it to my students after the fact as a demonstration if I believe they would benefit from seeing an approach.
